docs(install): rework NeoVim instructions (#20)
ngalaiko/tree-sitter-go-template: README.md

## Announcement

> The original author stopped using helm (which he mostly written this package for) on a daily basis, so I don't really keep up with the development of tree sitter, and nvim-tree-sitter.
> Some people have been found to keep the repo going, so if you have ideas for improvements feel free to open issues or pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original author stopped using helm (which he mostly wrote this package for) on a daily basis, so he didn't really keep up with the development of tree sitter, and nvim-tree-sitter.
Some people have been found to keep the repo going, so if you have ideas for improvements feel free to open issues or pull requests.
```

# tree-sitter-go-template

[![Build/test](https://github.com/ngalaiko/tree-sitter-go-template/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ngalaiko/tree-sitter-go-template/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)

[Golang templates][] grammar for [tree-sitter][].

Also includes a [helm][] dialect. The concept of a dialect is that it uses the same parser, but can have different queries (e.g. for different injections).
More dialects could be added in the future (e.g. for html templates).

## NeoVim integration using [nvim-treesitter][]

-   Setup filetype detection:

>     -   for [helm][] the [vim-helm] plugin is recommended

Reviewer: I don't think recommending this plugin is a good idea. Users would only use it for file type detection, since highlighting is done by tree-sitter.

    -   for gotmpl you can add your own filetype in `~/.config/nvim/ftdetect/gotmpl.vim`:

        ```vimscript
        au BufRead,BufNewFile *.gotmpl                set filetype=gotmpl
        ```

        or using [lua](https://neovim.io/doc/user/lua.html#vim.filetype):

        ```lua

>         vim.filetype.add({
>           extension = {
>             gotmpl = 'gotmpl',
>           },
>         })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        vim.filetype.add({
          extension = {
            gotmpl = 'gotmpl',
          },
          pattern = {
            [".*/templates/.*%.tpl"] = "helm",
            [".*/templates/.*%.yaml"] = "helm",
            ["helmfile.*%.yaml"] = "helm",
          },
        })
```
